What's going on here?
I'm going to Kyoto tomorrow.
How could someone burn the design draft in this work-saving inflammation?
More than 30 drawings
Is it too late to draw again?
It's impossible.
On each blueprint
I have added complex blue and white porcelain elements
Don't talk about it all night
Not even 10 days
That's all the keys to the office
Find out who did it?
Ange people caught
Found out that the design draft was burned
I will immediately block the factory and make an appointment with my family.
I didn't expect it.
Just met against my will and Huimin is ready to respond
The lighter was found from Huimin
It turned out to be you
Hahaha
I burned it, so what?
Jiang Lili, your dream is in vain
Tao Huiming, are you crazy?
Xiaolong Bao Public Security is involved in Hong Kong, and Chen Weixing stole it.
I just happened to light a fire
He is your best brother
What's up?
Are you going to send him into the orange too?
Only you have the key to the office
Chen Weixian, why are you doing this to me?
Ahahaha
Jiang Lili Xu Lingan
I finally did it
I finally ruined you
I finally don't have to watch you show off in front of me anymore
Show Love Xu Lingan
You arrest me?
You brought me in with Chen Weixing